Added docs (#3)
HENNGE/minisaml: docs/index.rst

.. MiniSAML documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri Aug 14 11:50:57 2020.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

> Welcome to MiniSAML's documentation!
> ====================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to MiniSAML documentation!
==================================
```

MiniSAML is a Python library which allows building SAML 2 Service Providers easily.

> It deliberately implements only a sub set of the SAML 2 specification, focusing on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It deliberately implements only a subset of the SAML 2 specification, focusing on
```
